[Music]
[Applause]
I was just gonna recap the day do you
want to recap the day with me so recaps
I just like how to tell morning and then
we went to this gym and it's this huge
gym I'm gonna film a workout there and
Gary went off and practiced with his
buddies tennis and then after the gym I
did at the gym say I just did like what
I would call like a vacation workout
like Oh Beach home home I train more
like hypertrophy rather than strength so
higher reps lower weight and then Gary
gave me a tennis lesson
who's Lilith came back refreshed and we
just went and saw the butterfly garden
which is like sounds like very basic but
it's actually really cool the guy was
sick I really have very small stuff
so
just gonna get in
liter of so we're gonna get to it so the
first exercise is the kettlebell swing
this is a total body explosive exercise
make sure you keep your chin tucked to
keep your spine in alignment next we
have for our ball slams which is an
explosive core exercise and now for my
warmup set for the deadlift I did five
reps to warm up and then I moved on to
my working set which I did for three
sets this is my working set the deadlift
you just want to make sure that your
toes are turned out thirty degrees
you're driving your knees out your core
is tight your Lots are engaged and again
your chin is talked to keep your spine
in alignment for pull-ups when I was in
Aruba I was working on my pull-up
strength so I did negatives which is
where you slowly roll yourself down I
would do five negatives and then finish
out the set with as many reps as I could
do basically and tell failure
[Music]
now we have walking lunges for 20 steps
this is a good quad and total like
exercise and I did a little bit more
core like I said sort of a beach workout
and I finished with a booty and core
circuit with raised hip thrust errs and
raised leg clamshells on both sides
[Music]
just been so great guys just wrapping up
I just pulled any stretches
[Music]